feat: allow setting hard limits for eth_getLogs block ranges (#211)
erpc/erpc: docs/pages/config/failsafe/integrity.mdx

#### How is large ranges handled?

eRPC has three mechanisms to deal with large ranges for eth_getLogs:

* Manual splitting based on [`upstream.evm.GetLogsAutoSplittingRangeThreshold` config](/config/projects/upstreams#eth_getlogs-max-range-automatic-splitting) per-upstream when you set what is the max block range they support.
* Automatic splitting when a node returns an error that indicates the range is too large.

> * Hard limit on the max allowed range for eth_getLogs, set with [`upstream.evm.GetLogsMaxAllowedRange` config](/config/projects/upstreams#eth_getlogs-max-allowed-range) set per-upstream and rejects getLogs request if the range is beyond the limit and will not be split further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hard limit on the max allowed range for eth_getLogs, set with [`upstream.evm.GetLogsMaxAllowedRange` config](/config/projects/upstreams#eth_getlogs-max-allowed-range) per-upstream and rejects getLogs request if the range is beyond the limit and returns an error to the caller of eRPC.
```
